Maturity Model: Adds an explanation of what a forge is (#279)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/maturity-model.md

aware of their respective level of InnerSource adoption.

Teams believe that "it's all about migrating to a shared software development

> [forge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forge_(software))" (GitLab, GitHub, or Bitbucket being well known examples of such forges).

Author: ```suggestion
[forge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forge_%28software%29)" (GitLab, GitHub, or Bitbucket being well known examples of such forges).
```

Author: Changing the encoding of the parenthesis will hopefully allow the automatic Link Check to work correctly.
